Today we will be traveling about one to three
hours from Boise, Idaho north along Highway
55 to the very small community of Banks.
Turning east at Banks, we will then follow
Highway 17, also known as the Wildlife Canyon
Scenic Byway, 9 miles to the turnoff of the
Middle Fork of the Payette River road heading
to Crouch.
From Crouch we travel north along Forest road
698 known as the Middle Fork Payette River
Road, and discover seven campgrounds and one
cabin all located within a beautiful forest
canopy.
Many of the campsites are nestled next to
a creek or river providing optimal trout fishing
opportunities.
The Boiling Springs Cabin is available by
reservation only at www.recreation.gov and
is a popular destination for those who enjoy
soaking in mineral hot springs.
The cabin is accessible by car in the summer
months and by snowmobile in the winter.
Constructed in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation
Corps, the two room cabin sleeps up to six
people and was originally used to watch for
wildfires.
The cabin has drinking water and a vault toilet.
Guests will need to bring some supplies and
equipment to ensure a comfortable and enjoyable
stay.
In 2003 the Boise National Forest cut a beautiful
seventy foot Engelmann spruce in from of the
cabin which was delivered to the nation’s
capital.
Reservations for the cabin are available through:
www.recreation.gov or by calling 1-877-444-6777.
Further information is available by calling
Boise National Forest at area code 208-373-4007.